Ma/auth (#5342)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/administration/basics/social-accounts-configuration.md

   Click **Update**, and **Save and Continue**.
   <br>For more information, see [Configure Auth Consent](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/configure-oauth-consent).
6. On the left menu, click **Credentials**, on the top
   menu click **+ Create credentials**, and select **OAuth client ID**.
7. From the **Application Type** select **Web application** and
   configure: **Application name**, **Authorized JavaScript origins**, **Authorized redirect URIs**.
   <br> For example, if you plan to deploy CVAT instance on `https://localhost:8080`, add `https://localhost:8080`
   to authorized JS origins and `https://localhost:8080/api/auth/google/login/callback/` to redirect URIs.
   <br>Please make sure this URL matches `GOOGLE_CALLBACK_URL` settings variable on the server.

8. Set environment variables in CVAT:

   1. Create `docker-compose.override.yml` with the following code:

   ```yaml
   version: '3.3'
   services:
     cvat_server:
       environment:
         USE_ALLAUTH_SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS: 'True'
         SOCIAL_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID: '<YOUR_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID>'
         SOCIAL_AUTH_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET: '<YOUR_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET>'
   ```

>    2. In Git Bash, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. In a terminal, run the following command:
```

   ```bash
   docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.override.yml up -d
   ```

## Enable authentication with a Github account

There are 2 basic steps to enable Github account authentication.

1. Open Github settings page.
2. On the left menu, click **<> Developer settings** > **OAuth Apps** > **Register new application**.
   <br>For more information, see [Creating an OAuth App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app)
3. Fill in the name field, set the homepage URL (for example: `https://localhost:8080`),
   and authorization callback URL (for example: `https://localhost:8080/api/auth/github/login/callback/`).
   <br>Please make sure this URL matches `GITHUB_CALLBACK_URL` settings variable on the server.
4. Set environment variables in CVAT:

   1. Create `docker-compose.override.yml` with the following code:

   ```yaml
   version: '3.3'
   services:
     cvat_server:
       environment:
         USE_ALLAUTH_SOCIAL_ACCOUNTS: 'True'
         SOCIAL_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID: '<YOUR_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID>'
         SOCIAL_AUTH_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET: '<YOUR_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET>'
   ```

>    2. In Git Bash, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. In a terminal, run the following command:
```
